feat(worker): add worker commands (#362)
go-vela/docs: content/reference/cli/worker/view.md

---
title: "View"
linkTitle: "View"
description: >
  Learn how to inspect a worker.
---

## Command

```
$ vela view worker <parameters...> <arguments...>
```

{{% alert color="info" %}}
For more information, you can run `vela view worker --help`.
{{% /alert %}}

## Parameters

The following parameters are used to configure the command:

| Name                        | Description                                                               | Environment Variables                                         |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `worker.hostname`           | hostname of the worker                                                    | `VELA_WORKER_HOSTNAME`, `WORKER_HOSTNAME`                     |

> | `worker.registration.token` | show the registration token for the worker (requires Vela Platform Admin) | `VELA_WORKER_REGISTRATION_TOKEN`, `WORKER_REGISTRATION_TOKEN` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `worker.registration.token` | generate a registration token for the worker (requires Vela Platform Admin) | `VELA_WORKER_REGISTRATION_TOKEN`, `WORKER_REGISTRATION_TOKEN` |
```

Maybe?

Author: i'm cool with that
